src/views/content/faq.md, before:

---
title: Founder FAQ
---
## What is 200 OK Ventures?

200 OK Ventures is a friendly group of angel investors who have all worked at API and platform startups.

Our goal is to help founders who are building the next generation of developer-centric companies.

## What kind of help do you provide?

First, we provide feedback to founders on their product and help them think about bringing it to market. The closer you are to having built something that you can demo or (better) we can actually play with, the more we can provide actionable feedback.

Second, we write individual checks. Our members' check sizes range from $5k - $25k. It's important to note that although we work as a group when providing feedback, we all invest as individuals.

## Are you willing to write bigger checks as a syndicate?

Maybe! But we prefer not to. We feel that the primary value of the people here at 200 OK is their personal experience scaling up successful venture-scale companies. Ideally, a founder will identify folks from 200 OK that they want to build a relationship with and have onboard as individual investors, who they can look forward to working with after the seed round in closed.

## What happens after I make that POST request?

Our API sends the content of the POST request to our Slack channel and triggers an automated email to the person who submitted the request (so please provide a valid email address). Althoug the email is automated, the reply-to goes to a real person, so please respond and let us know how we can help!

## Ok, what happens after that?

If possible, we'll schedule a time for you to demo your product (MVPs and prototypes are ok) to the group.

## What is the point of the demo?

Most founder/VC meetings revolve around a pitch. We prefer to skip the fake financial projections and Techcrunch hype, and focus instead on the product. We're interested in the demo because we can learn:

- What the product does.
- Who it's designed for.
- The problem is solves.
- Why you think this problem is important.

We feel like this process provides founders with high-quality feedback on their product and how they're thinking of bringing it to market. It provides us a great feel for whether we should continue learning more and consider making an investment.

Commit message:

cleaned up copy, added syndicate info

src/views/content/faq.md, after:

---
title: Founder FAQ
---
## What is 200 OK Ventures?

200 OK Ventures is a friendly group of angel investors who have all worked at API and platform startups.

Our goal is to help founders who are building the next generation of developer-centric companies. We stick to startups who are seed stage or earlier.

## What kind of help do you provide?

First, we provide feedback to founders on their product and help them think about bringing it to market. The closer you are to having built something that you can demo or (better) we can actually play with, the more we can provide actionable feedback.

Second, we invest. We feel that the primary value of the people here at 200 OK is their personal experience scaling up successful, venture-scale dev tool companies. We work to help founders identify folks from 200 OK that they want to build a relationship with and have onboard as individual investors, who they can look forward to working with after their investment round in closes.
## Are you willing to write bigger checks as a syndicate?

Sure! For founders who are not looking for strategic angels and would prefer a single, larger check we have set-up the [200 OK Syndicate](/syndicate).  

## What happens after I make that POST request?

Our API sends the content of the POST request to our Slack channel and triggers an automated email to the person who submitted the request (so please provide a valid email address). Althoug the email is automated, the reply-to goes to a real person, so please respond and let us know how we can help!

## Ok, what happens after that?

If possible, we'll schedule a time for you to demo your product (MVPs and prototypes are ok) to a few folks from 200 OK.

## What is the point of the demo?

Most founder/VC meetings revolve around a pitch. We prefer to skip the fake financial projections and Techcrunch hype, and focus instead on the product. We're interested in the demo because we can learn:

- What the product does.
- Who it's designed for.
- The problem is solves.
- Why you think this problem is important.

We feel like this process provides founders with high-quality feedback on their product and how they're thinking of bringing it to market. It provides us a great feel for whether we should continue learning more and consider making an investment.
