src/views/content/onboarding.md, before:

---
title: Welcome to 200 OK!
---

Thank you for joining our merry little band of hacker investors! Here are the next (super simple) steps:

## Review the Code of Conduct

Please review our [Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct). It's not just a list of what not to do, it's a good guide for the kind of engagement and assistance we expect all members to provide. We are building a *community of learning* and we need everyone to contribute in order to make this happen.

## Join Our Slack

You will recieve an invitation to join our Slack at the email you provided.

Once you recieve the invitation, please join and introduce yourself. Doesn't need to be fancy.

## Joing Our Airtable

You will also recieve an invitation to join our Airtable.

We are using Airtable for pretty much everything. Update your bio? Airtable. Review a pitch deck? Airtable.

## Review our Startups

Whether you're ready to invest or not, you can almost certainly help founders in other ways. That's the whole point of 200 OK, you have skills and experiences that founders can benefit from. That's why you're here.

Please review the “Startups” tab in Airtable and add yourself to the startups that you are “interested in”. Interest just means that you will be included on emails/invitations/chatter about the startup. It doesn’t mean anything beyond that. The bar for “interest” should not be too high. 

Once we know who’s interested in a startup, it becomes much easier to schedule demos, pass along pitch decks, etc.
## Next steps?

Please review the [Member Manual](/manual). We will keep this up-to-date and hopefully it will answer most of your questions in terms of where information is or how to get things done.

Commit message:

cleaned up copy, added syndicate info

src/views/content/onboarding.md, after:

---
title: Welcome to 200 OK!
---

Thank you for joining our merry little band of hacker investors! Here are the next (super simple) steps:

## 1) Review the Code of Conduct

Please review our [Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct). It's not just a list of what not to do, it's a good guide for the kind of engagement and assistance we expect all members to provide. We are building a *community of learning* and we need everyone to contribute in order to make this happen.

## 2) Join Our Slack

Private conversations about angel investing and startups who reach out to us happen in our Slack channel, so [please join us](https://join.slack.com/t/200okventures/shared_invite/zt-rhev2sq8-8aSFRdPGroEu2WuewpbPbQ). After you do, please introduce yourself. Doesn't need to be fancy.

## 3) Join Our Airtable

You will recieve an email invitation to join our Airtable.

We are using Airtable for pretty much everything. Update your bio? Airtable. Review a pitch deck? Airtable.

## 4) Join the Syndicate

When you're ready, there are two ways you can make investments: writing an individual check to a startup or by investing through a syndicate. A syndicate lets investors make smaller investments (minimum of $1000) that get pooled into a single, larger check for the startup.

Joing the 200 OK Syndicate does not cost anything and does not commit you to making any investments. Those decision happen on a deal by deal basis. So please [join the syndicate](https://angel.co/s/http-200-ok/w7Q2q) and create an AngelList profile if you don't already have one.

## Next steps?

Please review the [Member Manual](/manual). We will keep this up-to-date and hopefully it will answer most of your questions in terms of where information is or how to get things done.
